Update Import Docs (#5)
aemysites/aemydocs: tutorial.md

**Reference**: [Import script command details](aemy-prompts.md#import-script)

## Step 4: Import and upload content

Now comes the key part; effectively migrating the content from your website into clean, semantic documents that can be used with Edge Delivery. Let's dive in and watch your site come to life.

### Import content

In this step, AEMY will convert all pages to documents using your import script:

1. Create a new issue
2. **Title**: `Import content`
3. **Description**: `Import content from the site`
4. **Labels**: `aemy-help`, `aemy-go`
5. Click **Create**

<img width="1174" height="1030" alt="Screenshot 2025-07-10 at 18 49 30" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/04f8254b-21c1-439e-963f-8b8d46b3d2ba" />

After this task is finished, you won't get a pull request as in the previous steps. Instead, you'll receive a download link to a Zip file containing the imported content. Copy the link by right-clicking on it and select **Copy link address**. You can now close this issue.

> **Important**: This URL expires after ~1 hour. If it has expired, follow-up in the same GitHub issue asking AEMY to download content by adding: `Download imported content` to the issue body and apply the `aemy-help` label. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important**: This URL expires after 24 hours. If it has expired, follow-up in the same GitHub issue asking AEMY to download content by adding: `Download imported content` to the issue body and apply the `aemy-help` label. 
```
